[3.3] Table Resizing documentation (#919)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/editor/built-in-tools.md

    </tbody>
</table>

#### Table Resizing

> You can resize the table, its column, and its rows. To render the resize handlers, hover on the column and row borders. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can resize the table, its columns, and rows. To grab the resize handles, hover on the column or row borders. 
```
